Add Azure workload identity federation guide (#4751)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/integrations/Azure/azure-authentication/howto-wif.md

Reviewer: This new article needs to fit in with the Azure Authentication overview article here https://github.com/dapr/docs/blob/v1.15/daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/integrations/Azure/azure-authentication/authenticating-azure.md
Can you 
- In this paragraph https://github.com/dapr/docs/blob/v1.15/daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/integrations/Azure/azure-authentication/authenticating-azure.md#managed-identities-and-workload-identity, reference the [managed Identities article](https://github.com/dapr/docs/blob/v1.15/daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/integrations/Azure/azure-authentication/howto-mi.md) as well as this new one providing the guidance

- Move things like talking about the deprecated pod identities into the https://github.com/dapr/docs/blob/v1.15/daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/integrations/Azure/azure-authentication/authenticating-azure.md article as part of the overview.

Author: Will work this all in as part of the relocation of other content.

---
type: docs

> title: "How to: Configure dapr to use workload identity federation on Azure"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "How to: Configure Dapr to use workload identity federation on Azure"
```

Reviewer 2: I would simplify this further to "How to: Use workload identity federation", since its already under the "Authenticate to Azure" and is similar to the MI one.

> linkTitle: "How to: Configure dapr to use workload identity federation on Azure"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: "How to: Configure Dapr to use workload identity federation on Azure"
```

Reviewer 2: Same "How to: Use workload identity federation", since its already under the "Authenticate to Azure" and is similar to the MI one.

weight: 20000

> description: "Learn how to configure dapr to use workload identity federation on Azure."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to configure Dapr to use workload identity federation on Azure."
```

---

> This guide will help you configure your Kubernetes cluster to run dapr with Azure workload identity federation.

Reviewer: Dapr is a name and always capitalized.

```suggestion
This guide will help you configure your Kubernetes cluster to run Dapr with Azure workload identity federation.
```

## What is it?

[Workload identity federation](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/workload-id/workload-identities-overview) 
is a way for your applications to authenticate to Azure without having to store or manage credentials as part of 
your releases.

> By using workload identity federation, any dapr components that target Azure will be able to authenticate transparently

Reviewer: Always write in present tense. Remove all "will"s 
```suggestion
By using workload identity federation, any Dapr components that target Azure can authenticate transparently
```

Reviewer 2: @atrauzzi it is specific to AKS as well? I would at least add aks as an example in this part like "including on AKS"

> with no extra configuration! 🎉

Reviewer: No emojis
```suggestion
with no extra configuration.
```

### How does it differ?

> Workload identity federation is one of a few ways Azure offers for your applications to gain access to Azure 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workload identity federation is one way Azure enables your application to gain access to Azure 
```

resources.  Other options include:

>  - [Pod Managed Identities]({{< ref howto-mi.md >}}) - [Deprecated](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-azure-ad-pod-identity) method for authenticating applications at a pod level.

Reviewer: Suggest moving this into the https://github.com/dapr/docs/blob/v1.15/daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/integrations/Azure/azure-authentication/authenticating-azure.md article as part of the overall Azure Authentication overview. 

```suggestion
 - [Pod Managed Identities]({{< ref howto-mi.md >}}) - [Deprecated](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-azure-ad-pod-identity) method for authenticating applications at a pod level. This is deprecated and not recommended. 
```

Author: Will resolve this based on where it lands in the other doc.

>  - [System and user assigned managed identities](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-managed-identity) - Less granular than workload identity federation.

Reviewer: I would move this out of here and also into the https://github.com/dapr/docs/blob/v1.15/daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/integrations/Azure/azure-authentication/authenticating-azure.md section.  At the same time, it would be preferable to reference this article in Dapr docs, since this is Dapr specific. Can you confirm this is the same thing https://github.com/dapr/docs/blob/v1.15/daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/integrations/Azure/azure-authentication/howto-mi.md
If so, use the correct link formatting for Dapr doc article referencing.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

>  - [Client ID and secret]({{ < ref howto-aad.md >}}) - Less recommended as it requires you to maintian and associate credentials at application level.

Reviewer: I would move this into the overview, where it already says "Some Azure components offer alternative authentication methods, such as systems based on "shared keys" or "access tokens". Although these are valid and supported by Dapr, you should authenticate your Dapr components using Microsoft Entra ID whenever possible to take advantage of many benefits, including:" if you are saying the same thing here.

Author: Will work this in within the other doc.

> You can learn more about workload identity federation [over in the Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/workload-id/workload-identity-federation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about [workload identity federation in Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/workload-id/workload-identity-federation).
```

## Guide 

> We'll show you how to configure an Azure Key Vault resource against your dapr cluster. You can adapt this guide for different 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll show how to configure an Azure Key Vault resource against your AKS cluster. You can adapt this guide for different 
```

> dapr Azure components by substituting component definitions as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr Azure components by substituting component definitions as necessary.
```

> For this guide, we'll use [the official dapr AKS secrets sample app](https://github.com/dapr/samples/dapr-aks-workload-identity-federation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this How To, we'll use this [Dapr AKS secrets sample app](https://github.com/dapr/samples/dapr-aks-workload-identity-federation).
```

### Prerequisites

 - AKS cluster with workload identity enabled
 - Azure Entra ID tenant

### 1 - Enable workload identity federation

Follow [the Azure documentation for enabling workload identity federation on your AKS cluster](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/aks/workload-identity-deploy-cluster#deploy-your-application4).

> The guide will walk you through configuring your Azure Entra ID tenant to trust an identity that originates from your AKS cluster issuer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HowTo walks through configuring your Azure Entra ID tenant to trust an identity that originates from your AKS cluster issuer.
```

> It will also guide you in setting up a [Kubernetes service account](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/) which 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also guides you in setting up a [Kubernetes service account](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/) which 
```

> will be associated with an Azure managed identity you create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is associated with an Azure managed identity you create.
```

> Once completed, return to this guide to continue with step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once completed, return here to continue with step 2.
```

### 2 - Add a secret to Azure Key Vault

> Head into the Azure Key Vault you created and add a secret called `dapr` with the value of `Hello dapr!`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Azure Key Vault you created and add a secret called `dapr` with the value of `Hello Dapr!`.
```

### 3 - Configure the Azure Key Vault dapr component

By this point, you should have a Kubernetes service account with a name similar to `workload-identity-sa0a1b2c`.

Apply the following to your Kubernetes cluster, remembering to update `your-key-vault` with the name of your key vault:

```yaml
---
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: demo-secret-store # Be sure not to change this, as our app will be looking for it.
spec:
  type: secretstores.azure.keyvault
  version: v1
  metadata:
  - name: vaultName
    value: your-key-vault # Replace
```

> You'll notice that we have not provided any details specific to authentication in the component definition.  This is intentional, as dapr will be able to leverage the Kubernetes service account to transparently authenticate to Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll notice that we have not provided any details specific to authentication in the component definition.  This is intentional, as Dapr is able to leverage the Kubernetes service account to transparently authenticate to Azure.
```

### 4 - Deploy the test application

> Head over to [our workload identity federation sample application](https://github.com/dapr/samples/dapr-aks-workload-identity-federation) and prepare a build of the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the  [workload identity federation sample application](https://github.com/dapr/samples/dapr-aks-workload-identity-federation) and prepare a build of the image.
```

Make sure the image is pushed up to a registry that your AKS cluster has visibility and permission to pull from.

> Next, create a deployment for our sample AKS secrets app container along with a dapr sidecar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a deployment for our sample AKS secrets app container along with a Dapr sidecar.
```

Remember to update `dapr-wif-k8s-service-account` with your service account name and `dapraksworkloadidentityfederation` with an image your cluster can resolve:

```yaml
---
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: aks-dapr-wif-secrets
  labels:
    app: aks-dapr-wif-secrets
spec:
  replicas: 1
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: aks-dapr-wif-secrets
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: aks-dapr-wif-secrets
        azure.workload.identity/use: "true" # Important
      annotations:

>         dapr.io/enabled: "true" # Don't forget to enable dapr! ♥️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        dapr.io/enabled: "true" # Enable Dapr
```
